Update active-active.html.md (#1755)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/enterprise/admin/active-active.html.md

tfe-admin support-bundle
```

> This command will generate a support bundle for all nodes. The support bundles will be uploaded to the same object store bucket that is used to store Terraform statefiles. The support bundles for a specific run of the admin command will all be uploaded to a directory with the same JobID (a timestamp in [RFC3339](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3339) format). If you are sending a support bundle to HashiCorp Support, package up the associated bundles and send all in order to ensure all needed information is made available.

Reviewer: It's cleaner without "will" and also this matches the construction we have below :-) 

```suggestion
This command generates a support bundle for all nodes. The support bundles will be uploaded to the same object store bucket that is used to store Terraform state files. The support bundles for a specific run of the admin command will all be uploaded to a directory with the same JobID (a timestamp in [RFC3339](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3339) format). If you are sending a support bundle to HashiCorp Support, package and send all associated bundles to ensure that we have all the necessary information.
```

tfe-admin app-config -k <KEY> -v <VALUE>
```

> This command allows users to make ad hoc/realtime application changes, such as `capacity_concurrency` via the CLI. Both an allowable `<KEY>` (setting name) and `<VALUE>` (new setting value) must be provided. A complete list of the current `app-config` settings can be found by running `replicatedctl app-config export`. After making configuration changes, the Terraform Enterprise application must be restarted **on each node instance** for the configuration changes to take effect. To restart Terraform Enterprise, first stop the application by executing `replicatedctl app stop`. Next, execute `replicatedctl app status` to confirm the application is stopped. Finally, execute `replicatedctl app start` to start the application.

Reviewer: Some updates for active voice and also to help the text flow a bit better. For example, I love that you included steps to restart TFE, and I wanted to help the users parse them more quickly by using a numbered list.
```suggestion
This command allows you to use the CLI to make real-time application changes, such as `capacity_concurrency`. You must provide both an allowable `<KEY>` (setting name) and `<VALUE>` (new setting value). Run `replicatedctl app-config export` for a complete list of the current `app-config` settings. 

For the configuration changes to take effect, you must restart the Terraform Enterprise application **on each node instance**. To restart Terraform Enterprise:
1. Run `replicatedctl app stop` to stop the application. 
2. Run `replicatedctl app status` to confirm the application is stopped. 
3. Run `replicatedctl app start` to start the application.
```
